## 2.4.0 (February 16, 2023)
### ares-device
* Supports to show node version usage using `--system-info` option.
* Fixed a bug that js service is not listed-up when ares-device `--resource-monitor --list` option.

### ares-inspect
* Updated displayed guide text during js service inspection using `--service` option.

### Common
* Supports features of below commands as APIs(total 10s)
: ares-generate, ares-inspect, ares-install, ares-launch, ares-package, ares-pull, ares-push, ares-server, ares-setup-device, ares-shell
* Added unit test to verify APIs


## 2.3.0 (February 7, 2022)
### ares-log
* Supports to show logs of pmlogd and added options to support related features.
* Added option to check(`--current-daemon`) and select(`--select-daemon`) log daemon.
* Supports to print the help message by selected log daemon.

### ares-device
* Supports to monitor resource usage using `--resouce-monitor` option and provides related features through the options of `--time-interval`, `--list`, `--id`  and `--save`.
* Fixed a bug related to the directory permission when using `capture-screen` option.

### ares-pacakge
* Supports to analyze the pacakge file(.ipk) using `--info` and `--info-detail` options.
* Fixed a bug related to the callback function error.

### ares-inspect
* Fixed a bug that prevented opening the browser specified in the environment variables when using `--open` option.

### Common
* Updated the minimum supported node version from v8.12.0 to v10.24.1.
* Added a feature to print information of the connected target device.
* Added a feature to print the progress when the command takes a long time to execute.
* Cleaned up all log levels of all source code and supports to show level-applied logs  using `--level` option of each command.
* Added a feature to manually set time interval when running unit tests.

### Meta files
* Updated the README file.


## 2.2.0 (June 21, 2021)
### ares-log
* Added as a new command for showing or saving logs of webOS apps and services.

### ares-setup-device
* Updated the naming rule for the DEVICE_NAME parameter.

### ares-install
* Enhanced the readability of the results of the --listfull option.

### Common
* Categorized error messages and added user tips according to each error message.

### Meta files
* Updated the README file.


## 2.1.0 (April 2, 2021)
### ares-device
* Supports screen capture using the `--capture-screen` option.

### ares-generate
* Updated the template of appinfo.json to apply new ACG groups. Template files generated by CLI v2.0.3 or older are not compatible with the latest webOS OSE.
* Added '/' to config method in js_service templates.

### ares-shell
* Fixed an issue that environment variables using the `ares-shell -r` command were different from environment variables of the target device.


## 2.0.3 (January 22, 2021)
### ares
* Updated help message.

### Meta files
* Updated the README file.


## 2.0.2 (December 29, 2020)
* Supports Node v14.15.1.


## 2.0.0 (December 11, 2020)
* Initial github release.
